docs: :memo: revise guide docs to use `example_*` (plus minor edits) (#195)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/guide/config.qmd

```{python}
from textwrap import dedent
import pprint
import check_datapackage as cdp

exclusion_required = cdp.Exclusion(type="required")
exclusion_required
```

To exclude checks of a specific field or fields, you can use a [JSON
path](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONPath) in the `jsonpath`
attribute of an [`Exclusion`](/docs/reference/Exclusion.qmd) object. For
example, you can exclude all checks on the `name` field of the Data
Package properties by writing:

```{python}
exclusion_name = cdp.Exclusion(jsonpath="$.name")
exclusion_name
```

Or you can use the wildcard JSON path selector to exclude checks on the
`path` field of **all** Data Resource properties:

```{python}
exclusion_path = cdp.Exclusion(jsonpath="$.resources[*].path")
exclusion_path
```

The `type` and `jsonpath` arguments can also be combined, so we can
ignore [`Issue`](/docs/reference/Issue.qmd) from a specific type on a
specific field. For example, to exclude checks that the `created` field

> be in a date format (`type="format"`), we can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific field. For example, to exclude checks that verify the `created` field
is in a date format (`type="format"`), we can use:
```

```{python}
exclusion_created_format = cdp.Exclusion(type="format", jsonpath="$.created")
exclusion_created_format
```

To apply your exclusions when running the `check()`, you add them to the
`Config` object passed to the `check()` function. First, let's make an
example that has three `Issue` items: the package `name` is a number,
the `created` field is not a date, and the resource `path` doesn't point
to a data file (isn't a real path). So we'll modify our example
`package_properties` from
[`example_package_properties()`](/docs/reference/example_package_properties.qmd)
to make these Issues appear:

```{python}
package_properties = cdp.example_package_properties()
package_properties["name"] = 123
package_properties["created"] = "not-a-date"
package_properties["resources"][0]["path"] = "\\not/a/path"
pprint.pp(package_properties)
```

> When we run `check()` on these properties, we get the four issues:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we run `check()` on these properties, we get the three expected issues:
```

```{python}
cdp.check(properties=package_properties)
```

> Now let's exclude these Issues so that `check()` finds no issues by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's exclude these `Issue`s so that `check()` finds no issues by
```
